To solve for this exercise,
we transpose the data
making sure to select both product and
category as the key fields.
And then all of the months
become the data fields.
To ensure that we're doing
the summarization for January and
February only,
we attach a filter tool and
filter out the records where the month
is equal to either January or February.
I can start building the expression
by using the basic filter and
then click on the custom filter
to add in the second month.
Feel free to use copy paste
in the expression area.
Next, we attach the summarize tool.
We're going to group by both product and
category.
And then sum up the value field,
which represents the sales.
From here, we can see that the sales for
encyclopedias for January and
February combined is a 125,452.